Strengthening a system requires closing any holes or weaknesses,
and you do this every day.
If air is leaking out of a tire and you realize it may go flat,
you might patch the hole,
or if you're on a boat and there's water seeping through a hole in the bottom,
you might plug it to keep water out.
These are fixes meant to mitigate a vulnerability.
This same principle applies in Cybersecurity.
System vulnerabilities need to be fixed to stop them from being exploited.
However, the challenge as you search for vulnerabilities is that you may find
hundreds or thousands of issues and it's impossible to fix them all.
You have to start asking tough questions to prioritize.
Let's dig into the boat example.
Let's say there are three holes in the boat.
One is pretty small,
but in the center of the floor,
and about a gallon of water leaks in per hour.
The other two holes are very large,
but they're on the sides of the boat,
so a gallon leaks in maybe every five hours.
Do you patch the biggest hole first?
Without context, you might say yes.
But since there's more water coming in over time through the smaller one,
do you patch that one first?
Do you have enough capacity to patch all of them at once?
These are the questions that you'd start to consider to determine,
what to fix first?
Who should fix it? When they should fix it and how?
This is essentially remediation management.